A timesheet
In your top-level project directory, include a file named "timesheet.txt". In this file, keep track of the time you spend on the project. There is no specific time requirement, and more time will not necessarily equate to a higher grade. Again, though, it is expected that you should invest at least 10 hours per week and 40 total hours to obtain a satisfactory grade. 



Installing Panda3D/Blender and setting up an example: 
	1hr
Setting up Arduino and Accelerometer: 
	0.5hr
Connect Arduino with x,y,z coordinates from the accelerometer
	1 hr

	
Nov. 17 - Took the exam then cried... so now I can start.
	Correctly exporting and calling correct environment/using examples to create walking around my own model:
		(Decided to use roaming ralph environment and the Mario actor)
		2 hr
Nov. 18 - Assuring that I know each piece of code used
		- Going through tutorials learning Panda3D and manipulating my own code/file structure
		- Messing with and learning the Camera and collision controls of the charactor
		- worked on competitive analysis
		2 hr
Nov. 19 - Importing PySerial to use for the python communication with the arduino (real time)
		- Developing the proposal
		- Creating the storyboard
		- Finishing Competitive Anaylisis
		- Loading everything up as Code Artificats and cleaning up workspace
		- Learning Tasks and taskManagers to have a serial port, xyz cooridinate move my player aroung the screen
		4 hr
Nov. 20 - Worked on my Global paper - No Tp progess
Nov. 21 - Worked on Interp Revised Paper - No Tp progess
Nov. 22 - Broke python because I was trying to install pygame and a changed the $PATH file 
Nov. 23 - Spent a good 5 hours trying to fix my python
		5 hrs of no progress
Nov. 24 - Spend another 4 - 6 hours trying to fix python thinking I can't do anything until it's fixed! Can't run any 
		  of my code
		 5 hrs of no progress
Nov. 25 - Python still broke
Nov. 26 - Python still broke
Nov. 27 - Spent all my time on Interp Essay & Python was still broke - No Tp progess
Nov. 28 - Finally Rohan fixed my Python at 2pm in a matter of 30 seconds.
		- Got main.py to read the accelerometer frame by frame
		- Added buttons to the accelerometer
		- Coded the Arduino Sketch so it will send the g and r values of 1 or 0 if going or reversing
		- Changed controls on the moveMario so that Mario can now move forward and reverse
		2:30pm till about 8 (5.5 hrs) then from about 9:30 to 12am (2.5)
		8 hrs
Nov. 29 - Imported an actual track 
		- Built a UI with Tkinter (but can't get the final button to go to the play screen yet)
		- Got the camera controls to follow my actor even when turning left/right
		1pm to 4pm (3hrs) 6:30 to 10pm (3.5 hrs)
		6.5 hrs
Nov. 30 - Collission tracking working on an imported circuit - First I had to understand how the collision worked with
		.egg which I had to add <Collide> {"command"} and rename the Group object to terrain
		- reverted to the Roaming Ralph model because it has the collision meshes in its .egg
		- Changes camera positioning
		- Alter the controls 
		- Got Direct GUI to work !!!!
		- Now I am making my UI interface with Direct GUI
		11 to 1 (2 hrs) then 2:30 to currently 7:30pm
		7 hrs

Dec. 1 - (Thurs.) - Fixing bugs
		- added timing into the game
		- adding a count down to the beginning of the game
		5 hours

Dec. 2 - (Fri) - Added the AI to the map with specific node paths
		- Finding the node paths - specific to Luigi_Circuit took forever
		2pm to 6pm
		4 hours


Dec. 3 - (Sat) - Lots of time reading about collision sphere solids
		- adding a button to the hardware for future item release
		(8pm to 12am)
		4 hours

Dec. 4 (Sunday)
	- Spent majority of my time learning collision correctly
	- implementing collision with correct egg files
	- Working around the pusher handler with item boxes and lap plane
	5pm to 9pm then 10pm to midnight
	6 hours
	
Dec. 5 - Recreate the controller in a box
	- Finished up some collision
	(3pm - 7pm)
	4 hours

Dec. 6 - Created the item Box functions (mushroom/megaMush)
	- Developed working theory of the shell direction and throw
	(12pm to 4) then from 5 to 6 then 9 pm to 12am
	7 hours

Dec. 7 - Adding Instruction page
	 Fine tuning all the features
	Allowing the user to have key controls or controller controls
	Created a recalibration of the controller object
	(2pm to 6pm) + (9pm to 12am)
	7 hours

Dec. 8 - Adding Music
	 Working on the Write-ups
	Commenting and working on style
	Working on write-ups for the final project
	Creating the final vide
	(12am to 4am)
	4 hrs

Total: 83.5 hours 
